design guide: update for cylc 8 (#395)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/workflow-design-guide/general-principles.rst

When writing workflows from scratch you may need to decide between putting
multiple loosely connected sub-workflows into a single large workflow, or
constructing a more modular system of smaller workflows that depend on each other
through inter-workflow triggering. Each approach has its pros and cons, depending
on your requirements and preferences with respect to the complexity and
manageability of the resulting system.

> Inter-Workflow Triggering

Author: Old inter-suite triggers, long since gone.

Clock-Triggered Tasks
---------------------

Tasks that wait on real time data should use
:ref:`clock triggers <Built-in Clock Triggers>`
to delay job submission until the expected data arrival time:

.. code-block:: cylc

   [scheduling]
       initial cycle point = now
       [[special tasks]]
           # Trigger 5 min after wallclock time is equal to cycle point.
           clock = wall_clock(offset=PT5M)
       [[graph]]
           T00 = @clock => get-data => process-data

.. cylc-scope:: flow.cylc[runtime][<namespace>]

Clock-triggered tasks typically have to handle late data arrival. Task
execution :cylc:conf:`execution retry delays` can be used to simply retrigger
the task at intervals until the data is found, but frequently retrying small

> tasks probably should not go to a :term:`job runner`, and multiple task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tasks should probably not go to a :term:`job runner`, and multiple task
```

Clock-Triggered Tasks
---------------------

Tasks that wait on real time data should use
:ref:`clock triggers <Built-in Clock Triggers>`
to delay job submission until the expected data arrival time:

.. code-block:: cylc

   [scheduling]
       initial cycle point = now

>        [[special tasks]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       [[xtriggers]]
```

Author: :facepalm:

           # Trigger 5 min after wallclock time is equal to cycle point.
           clock = wall_clock(offset=PT5M)
       [[graph]]
           T00 = @clock => get-data => process-data

.. cylc-scope:: flow.cylc[runtime][<namespace>]

Clock-triggered tasks typically have to handle late data arrival. Task
:cylc:conf:`execution retry delays` can be used to simply retrigger
the task at intervals until the data is found, but frequently retrying small

> tasks should probably not go to a :term:`job runner`, and multiple task

Reviewer 2: All tasks have to submit to a job runner, even if just local background one. I think the intention here was "probably should not go to a proper batch system / resource manager".

Author: Removed reference to job runner.

> the task at intervals until the data is found, but frequently retrying small
> tasks should probably not go to a :term:`job runner`, and multiple task

Author: ```suggestion
the task at intervals until the data is found, but frequently retrying small
tasks is inefficient, and multiple task
```
